 Evidence of past internship or extracurricular activity in the field. System load calculations to establish equipment size. Ability to interface with clients.

 The 10-week internship program will allow interns to gain valuable experience working on our current Ventures. 1+ years of relevant professional experience.

 You will be expected to contribute in setting a standard of excellence as you help build and support data analysis systems with information collected from…

 Prior internship or work experience in financial services or legal industry. Preparing, distributing, analyzing responses, and responding to communications with…

 Prior construction-related internships or work experience is beneficial, but not required. This opportunity will provide exposure to a variety of stages in the…

 Assists with the design and creation of software applications as a member of an agile team of software developers.

 To be considered for an internship at Corning Incorporated, you must be actively enrolled at a college or university as a full-time student seeking a bachelor’s…

 Participate in the Summer Speaker series, internship events, jobsite tours, and networking opportunities. Gain an understanding of both the day-to-day business…

 In this multifaceted role you will be collaboration with our Strategy, Project Management, User Experience (UX) Design, and Technology teams.

 The student will contribute to routine engineering work requiring the application of standard techniques, procedures, and criteria in carrying out a variety of…

 Selected individuals must be motivated and dedicated to learning the softwareengineering field. The internship features a flexible schedule with some benefits…

 Good logical thinking ability and softwareengineering knowledge. 8 week long remote internship from June 14th through August 6th.

 Knowledge of the software development life cycle phases. Working towards a degree in Mathematics, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer…

 Coursework in structural dynamics, earthquake engineering. Evidence of past internship or extracurricular activity in the field.

 Relevant internship experience and/or leadership in school or community organizations. Computer Science and/or Engineering majors are preferred, while other…

 Experience in an office environment is a plus. Local to Glen Cove area preferred. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Internship.

 Assist with the installation of software.. This is a technical position working with hardware, software, and network administration.

 Assist in developing engineering processes with guidance from senior level engineers and management. Understand engineering concepts and how to appropriately…

 By utilizing the power of design, we optimize the user experience for consumers, employees, healthcare providers and patients.

 Candidates pursuing bachelors or master’s degrees in computer science or software, computer or electrical engineering or related disciplines should explore the…

 Assists in creation and improvement of manufacturing processes utilizing engineering input, engineering drawings, process mapping, and machine capabilities.

 Proficiency in MS Office software. There may be opportunities for field work during the internship. The individual will work as part of a team in all facets of…

 To qualify for internship and training, you must be: . No experience necessary; 7 week full-time, paid internship with ongoing job placement assistance!

 This position is for an intern in Data Science who, under close supervision, develops quantitative models and statistical analyses for insurance risk modeling.

 Pursuing a four-year college degree in engineering or architectural field. Reports to the Project Engineer. Assists in obtaining, evaluating, coordinating and…

 In the process of obtaining an ABET accredited engineering degree (Bachelor or Masters) by summer of 2022 in these majors:

 Students must be currently enrolled in a college degree program for full duration of the internship. Fully remote/virtual experience; company owned laptop…

 Pursuing degree in engineering discipline in their Junior or Senior year. The Manufacturing Engineer Intern will provide manufacturing engineering support for…

 Familiarity with software development methodology and release processes. This training helps prepare you to join the Revature team in a full-time software…

 A baccalaureate degree in mechanical engineering, construction management from an accredited college. The position is for full time applicants.

 Technology drives our business — it's our main advantage — and software engineers play a pivotal role. Building the underlying infrastructure that virtually…

 No experience necessary*; 7 weeks paid internship or direct-hire opportunities with ongoing job placement assistance!

 Students must be currently enrolled in a college degree program for full duration of the internship. Fully remote/virtual experience; company owned laptop…

 For eight Foolish weeks as a Linux Web Engineering Intern, you'll be embedded with the engineering team that supports and maintains our web infrastructure…

 Previous internship experiences in Technology are always a plus. This is a full time permanent role for a software engineer.

 You’ll be involved throughout the product lifecycle and collaborate closely with technical and non-technical stakeholders to understand our customers’ use cases…

 Experience in the full software development lifecycle (requirements gathering, designing, building, testing and maintenance).

 Code high-volume and scalable software. As a core participant of your team, you’ll estimate engineering efforts, design your changes, implement and test your…

 Your task will be to leverage data and algorithms to improve the search experience for our users. You might boost query understanding with NLP, use computer…

 Passion for coding and ability to accurately communicate what you’ve worked on technically in school and/or previous internships.

 Minimum requirements include some exposure to CAD Design programs and current good academic standing in accredited engineering school.

 Some college experience with Engineering courses. File permit applications with applicable aviation facilities for lights and antennas on existing water storage…

 Research and Develop algorithms to predict water quality in water treatment plants and distribution systems.

 Students must be currently enrolled in a college degree program for full duration of the internship. Fully remote/virtual experience; company owned laptop…

 A designated mentor to help guide you through the 10-week internship program. You will be paired with an engineering mentor for guidance and advice throughout…

 Typical projects involve performing structural analysis and design, preparing reports and drawings, and performing condition inspections of bridges and tunnels.

 Are pursuing a degree in a technical or quantitative disciplines, like statistics, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, or computer science with…

 Please note that this role can be based in San Francisco, CA, New York, NY or remotely. Assist on the design and implementation of new and existing features for…

 Hands on software development skills using Microsoft Visual Studio (C#), HTML, and/or Java (specifically React). Prepares &amp; delivers reports as required.

 Develop wireframes to visualize and POC your high level designs. Write clean, portable, and well-documented React code.

 Assist in developing engineering processes with guidance from senior level engineers and management. Understand engineering concepts and how to appropriately…

 By utilizing the power of design, we optimize the user experience for consumers, employees, healthcare providers and patients.

 Candidates pursuing bachelors or master’s degrees in computer science or software, computer or electrical engineering or related disciplines should explore the…

 Assists in creation and improvement of manufacturing processes utilizing engineering input, engineering drawings, process mapping, and machine capabilities.

 Proficiency in MS Office software. There may be opportunities for field work during the internship. The individual will work as part of a team in all facets of…

 To qualify for internship and training, you must be: . No experience necessary; 7 week full-time, paid internship with ongoing job placement assistance!

 This position is for an intern in Data Science who, under close supervision, develops quantitative models and statistical analyses for insurance risk modeling.

 Pursuing a four-year college degree in engineering or architectural field. Reports to the Project Engineer. Assists in obtaining, evaluating, coordinating and…

 In the process of obtaining an ABET accredited engineering degree (Bachelor or Masters) by summer of 2022 in these majors:

 Students must be currently enrolled in a college degree program for full duration of the internship. Fully remote/virtual experience; company owned laptop…

 State of the art research, equipment and skills training. Networking opportunities through various planned events and activities to provide exposure to other…

 This is a Production, Operations, and Manufacturing heavy internship. Pursuit of an engineering or technical degree (near completion or just completed).

 Sound knowledge of engineering fundamentals. The New York Resilience, Security, and Risk team supports all of Arup’s offices within the Americas and…

 We also rely heavily on our internship pool for entry-level full-time openings each year. Currently enrolled and pursuing a BS in Civil or Environmental…

 The internship is on a full-time basis (40 hours/week), but a part-time internship may be possible depending on the candidate's availability.

 Currently pursuing a Bachelor's, Master's or PhD. Experience with online writing and publishing, including blogs, articles, newsletters, and/or wikis.

 Enrolled in a master's or Ph.D. degree program in math, science, engineering, computer science or other quantitative fields.

 8 week long remote internship from June 14th through August 6th. Whether it be insurance, health care, financial services, or public enterprise, Unqork is…

 Candidate will have deep knowledge of data structures and algorithms, an appetite for solving complex softwareengineering problems in a global setting,…

 Understanding of data structures and software patterns. Requirements gathering and application design across the full software development lifecycle.

 Knowledge of professional softwareengineering practices &amp; software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management,…

 This intern will be working primarily in C++, but will also need to know Python and SQL. Writing tests for code changes. Working knowledge of Python and SQL.

 The D. E. Shaw group’s summer doctoral internship program exposes talented Ph.D. candidates to the projects and environment associated with full-time work in…

 8 week long remote internship from June 14th through August 6th. Must have 2-3 years of experience in learning software development (rising juniors/seniors…

 Familiarity with software development practices such as version control (git), test frameworks, code review tools, deployment configuration management,…

 Have previous internship experience in a digital agency or product design shop. We are hiring for our remote, 3 month, paid internship program starting in…

 The Business Analyst Intern assists the Corporate Development department. This role will support the success of our corporate planning and strategy making.

 Our goal for our student program is to develop excellent candidates for full time system engineering positions upon graduation.

 Generating and reviewing electrical design content of drawings, engineering specifications and reporting. Reports To: Director, Electrical Engineering.

 As an intern in this team, you will be involved in understanding all the aspects of default management, learn the existing software framework and help create…

 Building screens and connecting them to our infrastructure. Training on state of the are Chainstarters Cloud. Willing to be flexible and do anything needed.

 Interns will also be given broad exposure to Praxair's business, engineering, and marketing functions. The goal of our internship program is to provide hands-on…

 You will need to have professional experience as a fully explored programmer within the PHP language. You will have full working knowledge of PHP including its…

 We will pair you with a mentor, a technical lead, and you will have support from an engineering manager to help you navigate the organization, and set you up…

 All work during the internship will be under supervision of an ISP team member. Ability to use personal computer, software applications, handheld communication…

 May work with HCSS heavy bid software, Bluebeam, &amp; Primavera job scheduling software. The Engineering Intern is assigned to a company location for a 10-12 week,…

 Employees of ABI work on a wide range of construction and safety inspection projects within the Greater New York area.

 Successful candidate must be familiar with distributed computing environment, modern computer software architectures and advanced software practices.

 Develop and test software prototypes. Document code consistently throughout the development process using a software version control system.

 Prior internship and/or related consulting experience preferred. Candidates must be legally authorized to work, without restrictions or without need for work…

 Dataminr puts real-time AI and public data to work for our clients, generating relevant and actionable alerts for global corporations, public sector agencies,…

 Software development: 2 years (Required). NJC will provide training in integration and MuleSoft during the first 3 months of the internship/probation period.

 Our Engineering &amp; Technology internships can also lead to full time opportunities within our Moody’s Analytics Technology Rotation (MATR) program.

 Prior experience in big data engineering preferred. The summer internship will begin in late early June and will run for 10 weeks, concluding in early August.

 Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and…

 Seeking interns who have access to Geographic Information Systems (ArcGIS Pro Desktop) or ArcMap. Organizing, adding, and editing data on file geodatabases in…

 6 month Internship can either work (25 hours/week); but can be flexible depending on applicant’s circumstance. Knowledge of internal SEO optimization a plus.

 Build new features and enhance existing features in our web applications. Collaborate with colleagues and customers to improve code and design new solutions.

 A Bachelors degree or will be working toward a Bachelors degree in Construction Management, Civil Engineering or related field of study.

 Paid internships will last approximately 10 weeks between June and August 2021. Currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s program in Electrical or Nuclear Engineering.

 B.S in Computer Science or related Engineering major. 2+ year web development experience. Proficiency in Angular, Typescript, Node.js and strong understanding…

 Familiarity with software development methodology and release processes. This training helps prepare you to join the Revature team in a full-time software…

 A baccalaureate degree in mechanical engineering, construction management from an accredited college. The position is for full time applicants.

 Experience in an office environment is a plus. Local to Glen Cove area preferred. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Internship.

 Assist with the installation of software.. This is a technical position working with hardware, software, and network administration.

 The ideal candidate for this internship will have a keen ability to manipulate and analyze data with Python (NumPy, pandas, xarray).

 This Intern position reports directly to a Project Superintendent on assigned special projects. The role will assist the Project Superintendent and Assistant…

 General IT Business Analysis support including: Documentation and change control mangement. Interested in Information Technology and Software Development Life…

Location: Big Flats, NY, US, 14814 Company: Corning Requisition Number: 43329 Corning is one of the world's leading innovators in materials science, with a…

 The Engineering Intern position offers a variety of opportunities including basic engineering tasks related to design, analysis, test, integration and systems…

 The Ma’ayan Laboratory of Computational Systems Biology at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York City is currently accepting applications for…

 Pursuing or recently received a degree in engineering, environmental science/studies, or other relevant technical field. Travel primarily within New York City.

 Design of electronic systems that may include elements of: data networks, wi-fi, radio systems within the market sectors of aviation, rail and buildings.

 Evidence of past internship or extracurricular activity in the field. Sound knowledge of civil engineering fundamentals, soil and rock mechanics.

 This internship is with the SoftwareEngineering team in the Scientific Computing group, which exists to enhance the modeling capabilities of Corning…

 We also rely heavily on our internship pool for entry-level full-time openings each year. Currently enrolled and pursuing a BS in Civil or Transportation…

 Have previous internship experience in a digital agency or product design shop. We are hiring for our remote, 3 month, paid internship program starting in…

 The Business Analyst Intern assists the Corporate Development department. This role will support the success of our corporate planning and strategy making.

 Our goal for our student program is to develop excellent candidates for full time system engineering positions upon graduation.

 Generating and reviewing electrical design content of drawings, engineering specifications and reporting. Reports To: Director, Electrical Engineering.

 Pursing completion of a bachelor’s or master’s degree in engineering, with a focus on mechanical engineering, industrial engineering or biomedical engineering…

 3D reconstruction using Lidar-enabled SLAM software. Help implement product code in C++ and/or python - 3DMM or Deep Learning-based 3D face &amp; body…

 Re-write Mini-form Control ID application – Current application written in antiquated software platform. The purpose of this internship is to prepare college…

 The 2021 summer program will run 10-12 weeks, with exact dates to be determined. As part of the Statistics and Machine Learning team, you will collaborate…

 As an intern of the PG (Programming Group), he/she will provide assistance in application development work, specifically custom in-house development.

 Strong mathematical skills including stochastic calculus, numerical methods (Tree, PDE), Monte Carlo simulation, probability and statistics, linear algebra,…

 Evidence of past internship or extracurricular activity in the field. Geotechnical and Structural software skills, AutoCAD/Microstation skills.

 Examine application architectures, assess the security risks they pose and suggest mitigations. Write scripts for access control auditing with our team and…

 Our founders and team have deep expertise in branding, innovation, design, I/O psychology, organization design, digital &amp; data product development, enterprise…

 Entry level position seeking internship with a growing company. Student must be a Sophmore or Junior looking for an internship before their senior year…

 The Mechanical Engineering Intern will provide engineering support and engage in research and/or product development within the Mechanical Engineering…

 Requirement: *Must meet requirements and be accepted into state-funded internship program. \*The internship could be remote for work involving techno-economic…

 You will be embedded in a team and work closely with other data scientists, engineers, and product managers under the supervision of a data scientist on that…

 Collaborate with data engineers, UX researchers, software developers, and data analysts/scientists to build data science solutions and provide analytical…

 Working knowledge of basic statistics and process engineering principles. Enrolled in a statistics degree program, preferably between sophomore and junior or…

 Seeking interns who have access to Geographic Information Systems (ArcGIS Pro Desktop) or ArcMap. Organizing, adding, and editing data on file geodatabases in…

 6 month Internship can either work (25 hours/week); but can be flexible depending on applicant’s circumstance. Knowledge of internal SEO optimization a plus.

 Build new features and enhance existing features in our web applications. Collaborate with colleagues and customers to improve code and design new solutions.

 A Bachelors degree or will be working toward a Bachelors degree in Construction Management, Civil Engineering or related field of study.

 Paid internships will last approximately 10 weeks between June and August 2021. Currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s program in Electrical or Nuclear Engineering.

 Interns will interact directly with senior team members and will develop strong analytical skills that will serve them well for the rest of their careers.

 Recommended in an engineering or science discipline. Under direct supervision, performs engineering and/or scientific tasks of a routine nature.

 Detect and fix software bugs to ensure the entire system is capable of meeting performance requirements. The Embedded Systems Engineer Intern will work cross…

 Learn design process from Submittal to Order/build/delivery of product. Apply Engineering skills to appropriately design products in day to day tasks.

 The Quantitative Data Intern will help with the development of Guidepoint’s Qsight offerings including building new products from proprietary data and purchased…

 Friday is reserved for teams to work on the client project which is presented in pitch format to our c-level executives as well as the client.

 Will also consider engineering majors with accompanying strong software skills. Work as part of a larger project team on various aspects of software engineering…

 Assist with developing fundraising presentations and materials. Source and compile data to generate financial reports.

 We are currently seeking students interested in an internship in Chemical, Mechanical, Electrical or Industrial Engineering.

 Previous internship or co-op experience. Provide inspection work to monitor engineering plans and specifications. Perform road and bridge inspections.