 Must have strong knowledge and experience in front and back end app development including use of navigation software.

 The Quality Assurance (QA) internship position provides an opportunity for engineering students who are currently pursuing a degree in engineering to get hands…

 Our founders and team have deep expertise in branding, innovation, design, I/O psychology, organization design, digital &amp; data product development, enterprise…

 The Corporate Application Development (CAD) is involved in developing web based software applications in support of various business units at ISO.

 Supporting team members in completion of project tasks such as analyzing data models, software development, conducting unit testing, and implementing project…

 Opportunities are available for all engineering majors in various areas throughout the organization. Current enrollment in an engineering program: Mech E, Chem…

 Fulltime enrollment in a 4 year college or university with a major in engineering. Applicants must be fulltime students studying within an applicable…

 Proven software development experience and Android skills development (professional or self developed projects. Work with external data sources and APIs.

 D.A. Collins is proud to offer paid internships and shadowing programs in the areas of civil engineering, equipment operation, general labor, concrete truck…

 Authorized to work in the United States; International students must have a current work visa, Richemont North America will not sponsor work visa’s for summer…

 Online stores such as Amazon. Tech support, webpages and datasheets developments, writing. Participate in a team to organize virtual(online) global conferences.

 The Advanced Digital Engineering team is a global group of software developers, product managers, user experience designers and digital consultants within Arup.

 The D. E. Shaw group’s summer doctoral internship program exposes talented Ph.D. candidates to the projects and environment associated with full-time work in…

 Undergraduate (rising junior or senior) or graduate student working towards a degree in business, finance, computer science, quantitative analysis or a related…

 Con Edison Clean Energy Businesses through its three main subsidiaries Con Edison Development, Con Edison Energy and Con Edison Solutions, develop, own, and…

 Implement and maintain the online business through Shopify &amp; oversee the marketplace operations. Develop site merchandising strategies to achieve sales and…

 Familiarity with software development methodology and release processes. This training helps prepare you to join the Revature team in a full-time software…

 PULLMAN’s capabilities include specialty design-build services for new and existing structures, as well as a wide range of specialty repair and maintenance…

 Re-write Mini-form Control ID application – Current application written in antiquated software platform. The purpose of this internship is to prepare college…

 Candidate will have deep knowledge of data structures and algorithms, an appetite for solving complex softwareengineering problems in a global setting,…

 The ideal softwareengineering intern applicant should be proficient in English and possess good written and verbal communication skills.

 A Bachelors degree or will be working toward a Bachelors degree in Construction Management, Civil Engineering or related field of study.

 Will work in researching and building analytics capabilities in transportation domain by communicating with engineering team.

 Computer Skills: To perform this job successfully, an individual should be able to type and use keyboards accurately and be skilled in Microsoft Office Suite…

 Working knowledge of basic statistics and process engineering principles. Open to possible 1- or 2-week travel during the internship.

 Enrolled in a master's or Ph.D. degree program in math, science, engineering, computer science or other quantitative fields.

 This intern will be working primarily in C++, but will also need to know Python and SQL. Writing tests for code changes. Working knowledge of Python and SQL.

 Prior construction-related internships or work experience is beneficial, but not required. This opportunity will provide exposure to a variety of stages in the…

 SearchEffects.com is seeking IT programming interns in New York City to work on new and existing projects. Website design and development skills are necessary.

 Validation testing of software-based products. Understanding of the underlying principles of software development. Simple programming of embedded systems.

 Experience using 2D and 3D software (Solidworks or Creo 2.0). Ortho Clinical Diagnostics is seeking an Mechanical Design Engineering Intern for our 2021 Summer…

 Sound knowledge of engineering fundamentals. The New York Resilience, Security, and Risk team supports all of Arup’s offices within the Americas and…

 Please note that there is no relocation or housing assistance associated with this internship. Observe and assist qualified electricians as they layout, install…

 You will be responsible for ensuring systems consistency and create a more seamless experience for users. Collaborate with front-end engineers and team members…

 Excellent programming skills in C++ and Python. Very comfortable with Object-Oriented concepts. Knowledge of various database and datastores is a must (SQL,…

Description: Job Title: Business Analyst (Intern - Rochester, NY) Job Location: Rochester, NY Job ID: CS20202511…

 Though interns work within specific departments, they can explore all aspects of the business of professional football through challenging project assignments,…

 Under general supervision supports engineering activities such as design, test, check-out, modification, fabrication and assembly of prototype electro…

 Dataminr puts real-time AI and public data to work for our clients, generating relevant and actionable alerts for global corporations, public sector agencies,…

 Currently enrolled and taking courses toward a Bachelors or Masters in Environmental Engineering or a related engineering field is required.

 Assist with developing fundraising presentations and materials. Source and compile data to generate financial reports.

 The individual will work with Engineering in the development of process controls technology to improve and optimize Corning's manufacturing processes.

 Basic understanding of software and hardware products, such as mobile phones. Understanding of computer systems, cloud services, or software applications is a…

 This is a Production, Operations, and Manufacturing heavy internship. Pursuit of an engineering or technical degree (near completion or just completed).

 Develop and test software prototypes. Document code consistently throughout the development process using a software version control system.

 Understanding of data structures and software patterns. Requirements gathering and application design across the full software development lifecycle.

 Experience with Adobe After Effects, Sketch, Figma, Invision, Photoshop, Illustrator is Required. Experience with Motion Design is a big plus.

 Troubleshoot hardware and software issues and identify solutions. Potential full-time opportunities will be available for proven candidates.

 Inventory management of technology components including computer hardware and software. Relevant internship or work experience is a plus, but not required.

 Add new features and functionalities to the existing iOS app. Work on improving usability and security of the app. Familiarity with modern UI design guidelines.

 Minimum requirements include some exposure to CAD Design programs and current good academic standing in accredited engineering school.

 Support a team of experienced engineers and technicians. Working on programming, operation of test and measurement systems, and some data analysis under the…

 Applicants must be willing and prepared to undertake the internship remotely for a part or the entirety of the internship.”.

 POSITION SUMMARY: The Research &amp; Data Intern will report to the Director of Operations and coordinate with the organization’s CFO as well as the New York and…

 The 2021 program will run from June 1st – August 6th. Final Interviews - Our teams will be selecting final candidates for phone or video interviews in early to…

 This is a challenging internship for passionate individuals with previous graphic design experience. They integrate organizational science and online technology…

 We are looking for an analytical, empathetic, and creative UI/UX Intern who is excited to understand user needs.

 Assist in the software release and distribution process; manage the release of GA, Alpha, and Beta software packages to customers and prospects.

 And Dr. Peg Dawson (to name a few). As you can see, our first course is geared to help parents effectively prepare their kids with ADHD for the transition to…

 May use computer-assisted engineeringsoftware and equipment to perform tasks. Strong desire to pursue a career in civil engineering.

 As an Experience Design Intern (UI/UX), you will be involved in our design thinking process and the creation of innovative mobile, tablet and web products.

 To be considered for an internship at Corning Incorporated, you must be actively enrolled at a college or university as a full-time student seeking a bachelor’s…

 In the process of obtaining an ABET accredited engineering degree (Bachelor or Masters) by summer of 2022 in these majors:

 Recommended in an engineering or science discipline. Under direct supervision, performs engineering and/or scientific tasks of a routine nature.

 The student will contribute to routine engineering work requiring the application of standard techniques, procedures, and criteria in carrying out a variety of…

 Entry level position seeking internship with a growing company. Student must be a Sophmore or Junior looking for an internship before their senior year…

 Develop software test procedures, software programs, and related documentation. Apply computer science, engineering, and mathematical analysis concepts and…

 Generating and reviewing electrical design content of drawings, engineering specifications and reporting. Reports To: Director, Electrical Engineering.

 Students must be currently enrolled in a college degree program for full duration of the internship. Fully remote/virtual experience; company owned laptop…

 Pursuing a four-year college degree in engineering or architectural field. Reports to the Project Engineer. Assists in obtaining, evaluating, coordinating and…

 Have previous internship experience in a digital agency or product design shop. We are hiring for our remote, 3 month, paid internship program starting in…

 We also rely heavily on our internship pool for entry-level full-time openings each year. Currently enrolled and pursuing a BS in Civil or Transportation…

 Assists with the design and creation of software applications as a member of an agile team of software developers.

 This internship will most likely lead to a full time employment opportunity with this firm working on similar Department of Defense projects.

 Engineering team to develop electro-mechanical packaging. This mechanical engineering intern will work as part of an. Concepts for elements of undersea systems.

 State of the art research, equipment and skills training. Networking opportunities through various planned events and activities to provide exposure to other…

 Drive sales with technical expertise, account management skills, sales ability, and extraordinary customer focus.

 Evaluate and identify new technologies for use by the software and engineering teams. Design and develop web-based software applications and components in…

 Evidence of past internship or extracurricular activity in the field. System load calculations to establish equipment size. Ability to interface with clients.

 There may also be an opportunity to help with packaging software into our endpoint management tool. This is a significant project that will require building an…

 Pursuing a bachelor’s degree from an accredited mechanical or electrical engineering program. Assist in the evaluation of fundamental engineering guidelines,…

 Relevant internship experience and/or leadership in school or community organizations. Computer Science and/or Engineering majors are preferred, while other…

 You will need to have professional experience as a fully explored programmer within the PHP language. You will have full working knowledge of PHP including its…

 Manufacturing engineering related work experience could include product non-conformance review, technical support on the production floor, reviewing engineering…

 The Business Analyst Intern assists the Corporate Development department. This role will support the success of our corporate planning and strategy making.

 All work during the internship will be under supervision of an ISP team member. Ability to use personal computer, software applications, handheld communication…

 The Ma’ayan Laboratory of Computational Systems Biology at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York City is currently accepting applications for…

 You will be expected to contribute in setting a standard of excellence as you help build and support data analysis systems with information collected from…

 You will be embedded in a team and work closely with other data scientists, engineers, and product managers under the supervision of a data scientist on that…

 Familiar with real-time control software development for DSPs. The Carrier EngineeringInternship Program provides opportunities to demonstrate technical and…

 Knowledge of the software development life cycle phases. Working towards a degree in Mathematics, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer…

 Building screens and connecting them to our infrastructure. Training on state of the are Chainstarters Cloud. Willing to be flexible and do anything needed.

 Pursuing degree in engineering discipline in their Junior or Senior year. The Manufacturing Engineer Intern will provide manufacturing engineering support for…

 Ortho Clinical Diagnostics is seeking an SAP Basis Admin Intern for our 2021 Summer Intern Program. De signing, developing, implementing, supporting, and…

 The 10-week internship program will allow interns to gain valuable experience working on our current Ventures. 1+ years of relevant professional experience.

 The 2021 summer program will run 10-12 weeks, with exact dates to be determined. As part of the Statistics and Machine Learning team, you will collaborate…

 This electrical engineer will work as part of an diverse engineering team that develops electronic components and subsystems for undersea systems.

 3D reconstruction using Lidar-enabled SLAM software. Help implement product code in C++ and/or python - 3DMM or Deep Learning-based 3D face &amp; body…

 This is an awesome opportunity for a student in computer science to gain great career experience working alongside a talented team of developers.

 As an intern of the PG (Programming Group), he/she will provide assistance in application development work, specifically custom in-house development.

 Visit sites to see the engineering process in action. Collaborate with team members to coordinate and drive projects forward.

 You have experience in data engineering for machine learning applications. You have experience and/or coursework in exploratory data analysis and statistical…

 Examine application architectures, assess the security risks they pose and suggest mitigations. Write scripts for access control auditing with our team and…

 The electrical engineering intern will assist engineering staff and department while providing an. Assist with engineering design verifications and product…

 Understanding of softwareengineering, procedural and object-oriented programming concepts. One year of engineering and/or programming experience a plus.

 Maintains and updates Easy Vista helpdesk software of desktop support transactions. Basic hardware, Windows 7/10 software and troubleshooting skills.

 Code efficiently using best software development practices to add custom functionality and interactions. You will be responsible for developing and maintaining…

 Evidence of past internship or extracurricular activity in the field. Geotechnical and Structural software skills, AutoCAD/Microstation skills.

 This is a non paid internship with frequent bonuses and commission compensation for top performers. As part of the internship, we will provide learning…

 \*\* Design and execute a truly seamless Design by mapping out the multi-channel triggers and social nudges that further the customer journey from the moment of…

 You will also work with the team to create product galleries and descriptions. An interest in writing, layout, design, and/ or photography will be extremely…

 Experience with CRM software (e.g. Pipedrive). Freeport Metrics (FM) is a 10-year old American-Polish IT consulting firm that collaborates with its corporate…

 You will be expected to utilize a broad skill-set in business strategy, finance, data science and engineering. Currently enrolled in an MBA program;

 Provide phone and email technical support for end-users to resolve any hardware or software issues. Specific projects will be matched to a candidate’s interests…

 Full commitment from top-level management to make our program the premier internship/talent pipeline program within the financial services industry.

 Novelis is looking for Juniors and Seniors who are interested in an Mechanical Engineer Internship or Co Op beginning on or around May 20th.

 The internship is unpaid and full-time. Be familiar with version control software such as Github, Codecommit, Gitlab; Shows pride in work and in achievements.

 Ortho Clinical Diagnostics is seeking a User Experience Design Intern for our 2021 Summer Intern Program. You will be expected to interact with customers and…

 Time commitment: 12 months-2 years, 5-7 hours per week (some internships less hours). We have monthly clinical workshop, annual humanitarian missions, and…

 Support the work of and learn from highly skilled Numerix software developers, provide customer feedback and suggestions for improving Numerix software.

 Proficient with design software and technologies (such as InDesign, Illustrator, and Photoshop). We are currently seeking a full-time production graphic…

 Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and…

 We will pair you with a mentor, a technical lead, and you will have support from an engineering manager to help you navigate the organization, and set you up…

 Proficiency in MS Office software. There may be opportunities for field work during the internship. The individual will work as part of a team in all facets of…

 Pursing completion of a bachelor’s or master’s degree in engineering, with a focus on mechanical engineering, industrial engineering or biomedical engineering…

 The Engineering Intern position offers a variety of opportunities including basic engineering tasks related to design, analysis, test, integration and systems…

 Requirement: *Must meet requirements and be accepted into state-funded internship program. \*The internship could be remote for work involving techno-economic…

 This position will report into and support the Process Engineering Team. Job duties will be to support and assist the Production Engineering team on both…

 Completion of two years of college and current enrollment in an academic program focused in computer science, computer engineering or software engineering.

 Working knowledge of basic statistics and process engineering principles. Enrolled in a statistics degree program, preferably between sophomore and junior or…

 The Quantitative Data Intern will help with the development of Guidepoint's Qsight offerings including building new products from proprietary data and purchased…

 Support the plant operations in achieving production goals while partnering with experienced engineers, managers, and production employees in different…

 Working closely with Lead Engineers in in a lab environment designing the latest GPS-based and alternative PNT equipment and software.

 They will be responsible for completion of a Quality Engineering project by the end of the internship. The position will interact directly with Production teams…

 Who has previous mySQL design experience on a Linux platform; the role will involve taking high level design specs and making recommendation's then going…

 Experience in an office environment is a plus. Local to Glen Cove area preferred. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Internship.

 A baccalaureate degree in mechanical engineering, construction management from an accredited college. The position is for full time applicants.

 Work with all pertinent departments to develop and assure component specifications for both in-house and outsourced components. Develop fill and assembly specs.

 Assist with the installation of software.. This is a technical position working with hardware, software, and network administration.

 Technology drives our business — it's our main advantage — and software engineers play a pivotal role. Building the underlying infrastructure that virtually…

 Candidates pursuing bachelors or master’s degrees in computer science or software, computer or electrical engineering or related disciplines should explore the…

 Assist in developing engineering processes with guidance from senior level engineers and management. Understand engineering concepts and how to appropriately…

 Engineering interns are aligned with specific teams where they’ll work alongside our full-time engineers to develop new technologies, brainstorm solutions, and…

 Please note that there is no relocation or housing assistance associated with this internship. Support programming activities such as the creation of…

 The engineer will leverage MST softwareengineering processes and procedures while performing their respective softwareengineering and verification activities.

 For eight Foolish weeks as a Linux Web Engineering Intern, you'll be embedded with the engineering team that supports and maintains our web infrastructure…

 Previous internship experiences in Technology are always a plus. This is a full time permanent role for a software engineer.

 Experience in the full software development lifecycle (requirements gathering, designing, building, testing and maintenance).

 Code high-volume and scalable software. As a core participant of your team, you’ll estimate engineering efforts, design your changes, implement and test your…

 No experience necessary*; 7 weeks paid internship or direct-hire opportunities with ongoing job placement assistance!

 You’ll be involved throughout the product lifecycle and collaborate closely with technical and non-technical stakeholders to understand our customers’ use cases…

 Paid internships will last approximately 10 weeks between June and August 2021. Currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s program in Electrical or Nuclear Engineering.

 Detect and fix software bugs to ensure the entire system is capable of meeting performance requirements. The Embedded Systems Engineer Intern will work cross…

 As part of the Product Engineering team, the intern will interact with Operations and Fab engineering teams. Enrollment in an accredited collegiate program.

 Build new features and enhance existing features in our web applications. Collaborate with colleagues and customers to improve code and design new solutions.

 The Quantitative Data Intern will help with the development of Guidepoint’s Qsight offerings including building new products from proprietary data and purchased…

 Write clean, organized machine learning code using standard softwareengineering methodologies. Master’s degree completed within one (1) year of internship…

 Friday is reserved for teams to work on the client project which is presented in pitch format to our c-level executives as well as the client.

 Design and run large-scale experiments evaluating automated software modification and automated softwareengineering tools.

 Currently pursuing a Bachelor's, Master's or PhD. Experience with online writing and publishing, including blogs, articles, newsletters, and/or wikis.

 A working knowledge of the analysis, design, programming, debugging and modification of software and troubleshooting code for firmware (IC embedded code)…

 Familiarity with software development practices such as version control (git), test frameworks, code review tools, deployment configuration management,…

 Internship experience in engineering-related firm. Perform engineering analysis and modelling, including whole building load calculations and energy analysis,…

 We are actively pursuing an intern with a Process/Paper Engineering degree to complete a 10 plus week internship program at the Brownville Mill in Brownville/…

 Support design of the client- and server-side software architectures. Be enrolled in a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree program in the field of computer science,…

 Barrett Paving Materials Inc., Internship program is designed to educate the candidate (current college student) about the different aspects of the business.

 Interns will interact directly with senior team members and will develop strong analytical skills that will serve them well for the rest of their careers.

 Paid internships will last approximately 10 weeks between June and August 2021. Currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s program in Civil Engineering, Mechanical…

 B.S in Computer Science or related Engineering major. 2+ year web development experience. Proficiency in Angular, Typescript, Node.js and strong understanding…

 Candidates with a bachelor’s degree in science, engineering or similar technical field are preferred, but an equivalent level of industry experience is also…

 Enrolled in an Undergraduate or Graduate Level engineering program. Working knowledge of basic statistics and process engineering principles.

 This position is for an intern in Data Science who, under close supervision, develops quantitative models and statistical analyses for insurance risk modeling.

 The Fixed Income Investment Systems Intern will design and implement creative and complete solutions to complex business problems.

 The internship will be a full remote/virtual experience. The CNN Program &amp; Content Strategy department is responsible for the development and execution of CNN &amp;…

 This internship is entirely remote, and will not require travel to WISE's New York office. Regularly update WISE's website with content received from the…

 As an Intern, UX Designer, you could assist with customer engagements and create UX/creative transformation deliverables on projects.

 Perform calculations and engineering evaluations. Experience with engineeringsoftware applications (AutoCad, MathCad, ESRI, HydroCad, WaterCad, ARCView GIS,…

 Interns will have unprecedented access to our Board of Directors through our lunch &amp; learns and other events—including renowned chess grandmaster &amp; Putin critic…

 Produce hardware/software designs and soluitions. The purpose of this internship is to prepare college students for entry into the business world by providing a…

 The role of the Product Management Intern is to provide support to the Product Management department to ensure a high level of client, prospect and consultant…

 Previous internship or co-op experience. Assists Engineer with the preparation of engineering drawings and documents as assigned.

 Two Sigma is a financial sciences company, combining data analysis, invention, and rigorous inquiry to help solve the toughest challenges in investment…

 Assist with the upgrade of systems software and hardware as needed to ensure secure, reliable, and stable operation of servers and related equipment.

 Strong mathematical skills including stochastic calculus, numerical methods (Tree, PDE), Monte Carlo simulation, probability and statistics, linear algebra,…

 Background with computer management, software installation, and customer service is preferred. This intern will be helping with the Service Portal and Knowledge…

 Use software tools, scripting and software/hardware troubleshooting. Coursework and/or experience in systems engineering, systems architecture, systems analysis…

 The successful candidate will work on various tasks during the internship supporting various data areas and interacting with businesses.

 The IT Audit Intern is expected to participate in audits across various business lines and support functions within the Americas regions.

C&amp;A is looking to hire 2-3 summer interns to help with our workload. Local engineering students…

 The New York Independent System Operator (NYISO) applies cutting-edge technology to operating a reliable electricity system, managing competitive markets for…

 CAD software Autodesk Inventor, TDM graphic generator, AutoCAD. Create / design new 2D and 3D tools and holders using CAD software.

 Basic knowledge of computers (software and hardware). Responsible for PC &amp; Printer troubleshooting, maintenance, repair and installation, hardware and software…

 Have the opportunity to focus on one engineering project for the duration of the internship. In this role, you will be embedded on a team of engineers,…

 Must be commutable to and from the Orangeburg, NY area for the duration of the internship period. Must be available to work up to 40 hours per week during the…

 Current enrollment in Electrical Engineer, Economics, Computer Science, or related technical degree program.

 Flexible shift, approx 25 hours/week.

 Collect, validate and organize data per the team’s needs. Utilized Excel, R, SAS, Python, SQL in capturing, analyzing, managing and forecasting data.

 Please note that there is no relocation or housing assistance associated with this internship. Standards compliance – ISO27000, PCI-DSS, TISAX, NIST800-171.

 Participate in the Summer Speaker series, internship events, jobsite tours, and networking opportunities. Gain an understanding of both the day-to-day business…

 Adept at interpreting engineering drawings. Work with maintenance department on electrical projects. Works from any of the following: specifications, diagrams,…

 Verisk Financial | Argus is a leading provider of intelligence, decision support solutions, and advisory services to financial institutions across the global…

 Prior internship or work experience in financial services or legal industry. Preparing, distributing, analyzing responses, and responding to communications with…

 In this multifaceted role you will be collaboration with our Strategy, Project Management, User Experience (UX) Design, and Technology teams.

 Coursework in structural dynamics, earthquake engineering. Evidence of past internship or extracurricular activity in the field.

 With industry-leading assets and technology, Novelis produces the highest-quality aluminum sheet and foil products for customers in high-value markets including…

 Familiarity with the entire software development lifecycle. Assist leadership and other developers to plan, architect, and develop applications used to monitor…

 Collaborate with data engineers, UX researchers, software developers, and data analysts/scientists to build data science solutions and provide analytical…

 Demonstrated proficient computer and analytical experience with engineering development tools such as Matlab and Pro-E is a plus.

 The selected candidate will be working on advanced technology nodes (12nm/22nm/28nm). Work closely with FAB Technology Development and Device Modeling teams to…

 Previous internship or co-op experience. Provide inspection work to monitor engineering plans and specifications. Perform road and bridge inspections.

 Technology Marketing awareness – understanding of software marketing and business basics. Creating basic prototypes of feature functionality of a software…

 The ideal candidate for this internship will have a keen ability to manipulate and analyze data with Python (NumPy, pandas, xarray).

 Our goal for our student program is to develop excellent candidates for full time system engineering positions upon graduation.

 Pursuing or recently received a degree in engineering, environmental science/studies, or other relevant technical field. Travel primarily within New York City.

 Knowledge of Code V and/or Zemax software tools. Determine design approaches and parameters. Perform system analysis to determine feasibility of design within…

 Working knowledge of basic statistics and process engineering principles. To be considered for an internship at Corning Incorporated, you must be actively…

 Prior internship and/or related consulting experience preferred. Candidates must be legally authorized to work, without restrictions or without need for work…

 Prior manufacturing or mechanical internship or experiences. In this role, you will provide engineering support for job classifications that engage in research…

 Able to dedicate 12-16 hours a week during the internship period. Take an active role in developing, testing and maintaining our iOS app.

 Employees of ABI work on a wide range of construction and safety inspection projects within the Greater New York area.

 Ensure best practice for software coding and engineering. The software support engineer will be the on-point support for software and database related tasks for…

 This Intern position reports directly to a Project Superintendent on assigned special projects. The role will assist the Project Superintendent and Assistant…

 May work with HCSS heavy bid software, Bluebeam, &amp; Primavera job scheduling software. The Engineering Intern is assigned to a company location for a 10-12 week,…

 During this program the service member will be on-site at his or her host company performing an individual internship in an entry to mid-level career type role.

 Your task will be to leverage data and algorithms to improve the search experience for our users. You might boost query understanding with NLP, use computer…

 We are currently seeking students interested in an internship in Chemical, Mechanical, Electrical or Industrial Engineering.

 Experience with software installation and testing. High School course work or lab experience in one or more of the following is highly desirable: design,…

 Passion for coding and ability to accurately communicate what you’ve worked on technically in school and/or previous internships.

 Will also consider engineering majors with accompanying strong software skills. Work as part of a larger project team on various aspects of software engineering…

 This internship is with the SoftwareEngineering team in the Scientific Computing group, which exists to enhance the modeling capabilities of Corning…

 Typical projects involve performing structural analysis and design, preparing reports and drawings, and performing condition inspections of bridges and tunnels.

 Research and Develop algorithms to predict water quality in water treatment plants and distribution systems.

 Successful candidate must be familiar with distributed computing environment, modern computer software architectures and advanced software practices.

 Hands on software development skills using Microsoft Visual Studio (C#), HTML, and/or Java (specifically React). Prepares &amp; delivers reports as required.

 Develop wireframes to visualize and POC your high level designs. Write clean, portable, and well-documented React code.

 Please note that this role can be based in San Francisco, CA, New York, NY or remotely. Assist on the design and implementation of new and existing features for…

 We also rely heavily on our internship pool for entry-level full-time openings each year. Currently enrolled and pursuing a BS in Civil or Environmental…

 8 week long remote internship from June 14th through August 6th. Whether it be insurance, health care, financial services, or public enterprise, Unqork is…

 By utilizing the power of design, we optimize the user experience for consumers, employees, healthcare providers and patients.

 Assists in creation and improvement of manufacturing processes utilizing engineering input, engineering drawings, process mapping, and machine capabilities.

 8 week long remote internship from June 14th through August 6th. Must have 2-3 years of experience in learning software development (rising juniors/seniors…

 Selected individuals must be motivated and dedicated to learning the softwareengineering field. The internship features a flexible schedule with some benefits…

 Good logical thinking ability and softwareengineering knowledge. 8 week long remote internship from June 14th through August 6th.

 Prior experience in big data engineering preferred. The summer internship will begin in late early June and will run for 10 weeks, concluding in early August.

 Machine learning and other advanced software skills. This position is a summer internship in the area of Materials Informatics and Machine Learning applied in…

 The NYISO invites applications for full-time summer interns on the following teams. The intern will work on Dynamic Reserve for Flexibility for both the Day…

 Pursuing completion of a bachelors or master’s degree in electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, industrial engineering or a related field.

 Pursuing completion of a bachelors or master’s engineering degree, with a focus on mechanical, electrical, or biomedical engineering preferred.

 Our Engineering &amp; Technology internships can also lead to full time opportunities within our Moody’s Analytics Technology Rotation (MATR) program.

 Our broad portfolio of simulation technology and patented units-based software licensing model enable Simulation-Driven Innovation™ for our customers.

 Information Technology (IT) work is carried out in support of Moog's engineering, manufacturing, business, and e-business activities.

 To qualify for internship and training, you must be: . No experience necessary; 7 week full-time, paid internship with ongoing job placement assistance!

 Internship or co-op experience at engineering related firm with experience in building services design engineering with a mechanical and energy focus would be…

 The Mechanical Engineering Intern will provide engineering support and engage in research and/or product development within the Mechanical Engineering…

 Software development: 2 years (Required). NJC will provide training in integration and MuleSoft during the first 3 months of the internship/probation period.

 Test equipment hardware (Oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, etc.) and associated software. An intern in this position will work closely with a team of engineers on…

 While working on this project, you will be exposed to power system substation engineering designs and the key elements of power system modeling.

 Creation of an end of internship presentation is required. Completion of an end of internship performance appraisal will be expected.

 This program allows students to simultaneously display their current talents and acquire new ones. Perform various types of analysis using fundamental and…

 Understanding of hardware, software, and networking concepts. As an Information Security Intern, you will work on the design, implementation and maintenance of…

 Running manual machines, running CNC machines, hand assembly, welding. Currently enrolled in a 2 year degree program at an accredited college for Electronics…

 Design and code HTML/CSS static landing pages. Assist in building/coding out WordPress themes. Assist in the design websites using tools like Sketch, Photoshop,…

 With a mission of providing practical solutions to clients’ energy problems, EN-POWER GROUP was founded in May 2003 to be an engineering firm that designs,…

 Knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes. Experience working in an Agile/Scrum software development methodology.

 Experience working with help desk ticketing software. The IT Customer Support Technician 1 - Intern is responsible for diagnosing and resolving basic problems…

 Work with Softwareengineering team to develop test programs to verify functional operations of NAI products. Working knowledge of electronic circuits including…

 The internship schedule can be either weekdays or weekends. We conduct interviews virtually and internship will be remote as well.

 Relevant work and/or internship experience are a plus. Spring 2021 (January - May 2021) Digital Design Internship - UX/UI Design.

 This is a fully remote position with flexible hours. You would be primarily working on the development of a Word Press Website. Coding for layout and function.

 You will partner with softwareengineering interns in making products more user friendly. Working with other team members, you will be responsible for…

 Students a part of our internship program, will develop knowledge and skills across their areas of interest while gaining insight into unit operations.

 May use computer-assisted engineeringsoftware and equipment to perform tasks. Previous internship experience and/or involvement as an active member of related…

 Previous internship experience in sales, consulting or a related field, or at a technology company is a plus. Lead ongoing analysis of business performance.

 The internship is UNPAID and full-time. Fluency in English is required for the internship. The internship is for a maximum period of six months.

 Document schematics using schematic capture software. Knowledge of drafting tools and practices, schematic capture software. Test and debug to component level.

 Experience in planning and delivering software platforms used across multiple products and organizational units for the website.

 Support other groups during integration of hardware and software. Participate in change (system/hardware/software) design reviews.

 You will ensure that these components and the overall application are robust and easy to maintain. A commitment to collaborative problem solving, sophisticated…

 Participate in additional agency initiatives: app dev, software dev, etc. The right intern will work closely with our team to develop client projects that align…

 Ability to sort hardware from software failures. Exceptional programming and debugging skills – LabView, C/C++, or other test software a plus.

 Only Forter provides fully automated, real-time Decision as a Service™ fraud prevention, with approve/decline decisions backed by a 100% chargeback guarantee.

 The Motley Fool is a multimedia financial services company that provides financial solutions for investors through various stock, investing, and personal…

 Support engineering and development activities to achieve the desired cycles of learning. GLOBALFOUNDRIES is seeking a highly motivated Lithography Engineering…

 Must commit to working full time (40 hrs/wk) during the internship. Renewables Operations Interns are GE’s primary pipeline to full-time employment…

 Mechanical: Experience with Creo or equivalent CAD modeling software. Supporting hardware and software integration including investigating and debugging issues.

 Our group turns models into data products, collaborating with engineering teams, and integrates these into process throughout The Times.

 The IT Intern will work closely with Redhouse leadership on various IT tasks and projects. Must posses a general knowledge of computer technology and computer…

 Design and develop web-based software applications and components in various software languages. Experience with software development principles and processes.

 Knowledge of professional softwareengineering practices &amp; software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management,…

 Potential for internship to lead to full time employment after graduation! The internship is designed to provide a student with real world experience to support…

 As our Intern, you will be responsible for assisting in research to support software development activities in Corning’s materials informatics initiatives.

 Good working knowledge of computer software. Exposed to and project participation in many functional areas. Expands and enhances basic knowledge in conjunction…

 6 month Internship can either work (25 hours/week); but can be flexible depending on applicant’s circumstance. Knowledge of internal SEO optimization a plus.

 This intern will work closely with a Java developer to begin to modernize existing NYISO custom software. This will include eliciting and documenting system…

 Participate in full life-cycle software development. We're looking for Software Engineers to join the Yext Engineering team and drive the technology behind our…

  Fully redesigning our market data subscription reporting platform.  Automating manual tasks such as monitoring market referential, testing trading platforms,…

 He or she has knowledge in civil engineering concepts and can quickly adapt to a fast-paced environment. In addition to daily assignments the intern/ co-op is…

 Familiar with equipment engineering, maintenance and troubleshooting concepts. Enrolled in a B.S. Degree in Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering,…

 This role will provide exposure to market trend identification, analysis and application, data analysis, business strategy, brand strategy and innovation…

 Functions, similar to any scaled e-commerce company, are wide and varied across R&amp;D; operations; product/experience; marketing; creative; data science/analytics…

 He or she has knowledge in civil engineering concepts and can quickly adapt to a fast-paced environment. From heavy mechanical and fire protection, to plumbing,…

 Our full-time summer internship program will last 10 weeks. Must be able to work full-time from our Manhattan office throughout the internship.

 Support engineering projects on shift. Provides on shift technical and sustaining engineering support in a manufacturing area.

 Previous internship and/or relevant project experience. You will work with the team to help research and analyze business, regulatory, and technology related…

 Evidence of past internship or extracurricular activity in the field. Sound knowledge of civil engineering fundamentals, soil and rock mechanics.

 We are looking for a Full Stack Developer Intern who is eager to gain experience and willing to learn engineering best practices and contribute production level…

 Experience developing software in contemporary C++ environment. Support engineers with implementation of design enhancements to solution hardware and software.

 The internship is on a full-time basis (40 hours/week), but a part-time internship may be possible depending on the candidate's availability.

 Design of electronic systems that may include elements of: data networks, wi-fi, radio systems within the market sectors of aviation, rail and buildings.

 General IT Business Analysis support including: Documentation and change control mangement. Interested in Information Technology and Software Development Life…

 Ability to use AutoCAD or similar CAD software to produce detailed drawings. Student must be currently working towards a Bachelor's degree in Mechanical,…

 Engineers looking to earn a full time executive position within 6-8 months AFTER interning (unpaid) under the Lead Backend Security Engineer for Spotify and…

 As an intern in this team, you will be involved in understanding all the aspects of default management, learn the existing software framework and help create…

 Candidates will work alongside our talented developers to implement and improve leading scientific software solutions.